welcome back counting down to Market
close there is another important story
that we want to highlight icsa Lombard
has entered into a strategic partnership
with policy Bazar Yash joins in with the
details yes well uh this partnership is
happening between two giants in their
respective Fields one is of course
General insurance industry for IC
Lombard and insurance aggregator
platform for policy Bazar uh now there's
a partnership which has been signed an
agreement which has been signed between
IC Lombard and policy Bazar and uh
through this particular agreement now
onwards ICICI Lombard products will be
available on policy Bazar platform
imagine so far uh policy Bazar was uh
the country's largest Insurance
aggregator not having the country's
largest private General Insurance
company but now with this particular
agreement that particular uh you know
absence changes and icsi Lombard
products will be available both on the
online business that is policy bazar.com
uh as as well as the offline business
which is policy Bazar platforms as far
as ICICI Lombard products are concerned
uh the reason why I say this is big and
a big positive for Pb fintech is because
Pol IC Lombard has a large market share
when it comes to General insurance
industry almost about 9% market share
and with that all of that traffic really
uh you know gets uh gets gets uh going
on the policy Bazar platform and the D
leveraging starts from that
point okay all right got that Yash thank
you very much for that PO policy Bazar
in focus and the stock is now reacting
quite positively to that tie up that
they have done with IC Lombard let's
move on